update release 1.5 performance and scalability page (#6537)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/deployment/performance-and-scalability/index.md

immediately. This process adds to the queue wait time of the next request and affects
average and tail latencies. The actual tail latency depends on the traffic pattern.

### Latency for Istio {{< istio_release_name >}}

> Inside the mesh, a request traverses the client-side proxy and then the server-side

Reviewer: Default == telemetry v2 , right?

Author: I treat it as both mode, but for 1.5 our default is telemetry v2, then the number is `2.8 ms and 2.7 ms` for 90th and 99th separately. Should I add a small explanation like" The default (i.e. telemetryv2)`?

Reviewer: Yes please do add explanation, Since we are changing default we should specify it here.
Default should now be v2 telemetry.

> proxy. In the default configuration of Istio {{< istio_release_name >}}, the two proxies adds about 3.5 ms and 4.1 ms to the 90th and 99th percentile latency separately of the data plane over the baseline.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what `separately of the data plane over the baseline.` is trying to say.

Maybe this?
```suggestion
proxy. In the default configuration of Istio {{< istio_release_name >}}, the two proxies add about 3.5 ms and 4.1 ms to the 90th and 99th percentile latency, respectively, over the baseline dataplane latency.
```

> proxy. In the default configuration of Istio {{< istio_release_name >}} (i.e. Istio with telemetry v2), the two proxies add about 2.8 ms and 2.7 ms to the 90th and 99th percentile latency, respectively, over the baseline data plane latency.

Reviewer 3: at the top of the page we say "The Envoy proxy adds 6.3 ms to the 90th percentile latency." this seems to contradict this?

Author: yeah.... let me fit it, actually, to some extent, I think we need to reorganize this page

    caption="P90 latency vs client connections"
>}}

{{< image width="90%"
    link="latency_p99.svg"
    alt="P99 latency vs client connections"
    caption="P99 latency vs client connections"
>}}

- `baseline` Client pod directly calls the server pod, no sidecars are present.
- `both-sidecars` Client and server sidecars are present. This is a default case inside the mesh.

> - `none-both` Same as **both-sidecars** without Mixer.

Reviewer: Istio proxy with no istio specific filters configured.

> - `telemetryv2-nullvm_both` Same as **both-sidecars** but with telemetry v2. This is targeted to perform the same as "No Mixer" in the future.

Reviewer 2: Unclear what "No Mixer" means here, since there are no more `nomixer-*` configs.

Reviewer 2: Actually I think a more general problem is that the 4 config names listed here are not the same as the names in the diagrams. I think they should be the same.

Author: thanks for pointing this out, let me fix it.

Author: @frankbu what about the current version?

Author: cc @mandarjog

> - `telemetryv2-both` Client and server sidecars are present with telemetry v2 `nullvm` configured. This is a default case inside the mesh from Istio release 1.5 and is targeted to perform the same as **none-both** in the future.

Reviewer: Change the  telemetryv2-both to the following.
```
**Istio 1.5 default** Client and server sidecars are present with telemetry v2 `nullvm` configured.
 ```
